/*
* 071120 :: Pathfinder
*
*/

Start of the round uwu~
ALL ABOARD THE PATHFINDER TRAIN
CHOO CHOO MOTHAFUCKAS

MARILLA is still with SENETHAR and JORQUAL



AVIN is still engulfed within the MUDLORD. VIDER fires an arrow at MUDLORD, but unfortunately misses. T'LALOK, yet underwater and grappled by the MUDLORD, misses his attack as well. TIYERI manages to land a series of cuts up the MUDLORD arms, but the creature refuses to die.

Upon great struggle from AVIN, the MUDLORD finally releases her, and the battle's tide starts to turn! HOPE heals everyone; they feel 6 better. ANZJA shoots MUDLORD again; it's flesh sizzles and it seizes up.

Although it seems ANZJA made the killing blow, the party is hella surprised that a spell was cast, and not by one of their own. It is DAYANA! She's made an appearance and finished off the MUDLORD.

At that, the party takes a moment to catch their breaths before continuing.

DAYANA is hesitant to attack. She asks if the party is friends with MARILLA. They confirm, also hesitant. She invites the party to follow her to SENETHAR, JORQUAL, and MARILLA -- they do. Due to how the level is laid out, the joruney there will be interesting, won't it?

VIDER lets down a rope so that T'LALOK, TIYERI, and AVIN can return above the waterfall. And then, the march (well, _swim_) is on. Everyone is alive with camaraderie. Spirits are high! Emotions are bubbling! All is full of love! Anzja sends a telepathic message with joy to Avin! "Hi friend!"

AVIN ignores ANZJA.

DAYANA leads them to the room VIDER had discovered with the WATER ELEMENTAL. She tells the WATER ELEMENTAL that the party is friendly, and the ELEMENTAL is not to attack. She motions for the party to follow her underwater.

After a completely uneventful swim, where no wolves drowned, she leads them to an air chamber, where the water magically doesn't enter.

From there, another room with a BUNYIP. The BUNYIP attacks T'LALOK, misses, and gives the rest of the party an awful fright. However, the make their way to SENETHAR, JORQUAL, and MARILLA.

"Ah, you've returned," SENETHAR breathes. "What glad tidings uwu"

AVIN demands to smack JORQUAL for royally fucking up their day by leaving them with the WATER ELEMENTAL and MUDLORD. "We are the cartoon heroes," she says. It is obvious from her Aquan that the punishment is barely enough to quench her anger. "We belong to the sea." The party knows her tone, although they cannot discern her words.

SENETHAR recognizes her brother's foolery, and allows it.

BUT THEN

SHOTS FIRED

There is a BAYKOK with a longbow, and they're not messing around. Their features are wrenched in evil, and a symbol crests their skully head -- the unholy mark of the crowned skull.

SENETHAR grasps her throat in shock, as the water surrounding her deepens in crimson. "SISTER!" cries JORQUAL. He rushes to her side, but there's no time for dying embraces. No. No, they're all going to fight this thing, and come out victorious, no matter what.

Two CRAB EIDOLONs ready themselves, as does SHARKYBOI and the WATER MEPHIT. The party readies their weapons. Its impossible to tell where JORQUAL's tears and the water begins. The only thing definite is his determination to end the BAYKOK.

An EIDOLON immediately grapples the BAYKOK. AVIN summons a DOLPHIN. The BAYKOK is speared by the AUTOMATON, and attacked by the WATER MEPHIT. The heroes land shots here and there, but the BAYKOK is just too hard to hit, even when grappled and prone.

ANJZA swims over, touches it, and all hell breaks loose. Shrieking, it attempts to flee, but VIDER slashes it down! T'LALOK slices it open! The thing still flees.

And despite its agility, the WATER MEPHIT attacks, and absolutely crushes the BAYKOK. It's not quite dead, but it's heavily wounded, and waves of evil drip from its destroyed flesh.

But JORQUAL, he... He won't let it end there. With energy crackling from his hands, and enraged ferocity, he lets loose a spell and destroys the BAYKOK.

_everyone like that_

With the battle over, HOPE rushes to SENETHAR's side and is easily allowed to heal her. DAYANA and JORQUAL thank the party for the help, and agree to answer AVIN's questions.

The AQUANS don't know the BAYKOK; it is not something from KLARKOSH. VIDER goes exploring and finds scorch marks from where the BAYKOK came.

ANZJA asks what they know about the VISSK-THAR. JORQUAL explains that they are serpent-folk from a different level; ZISKA asked SENETHAR about portal research, and SENETHAR now works for both KLARKOSH and ZISKA, as a sort of neutral double agent.

Additionally, the VISSK-THAR are below, somewhere. They haven't heard from them in two weeks or longer.

T'LALOK asks about the missing wizards. DAYANA explains to the party that the missing wizards are in KLARKOSH's custody; she saw them about 2.5 weeks ago, in the BANDIT'S level. They magically appeared there, were captured, and delivered to KLARKOSH.

SENETHAR wakes up and hands a scroll with an arcane mark to VIDER; it's a SPIRE TOKEN with number 5.

All are gathered to uwu in harmony when he says his first "Thank you."

SENETHAR explains how they work:

1. Hold the TOKEN
2. Press it to the SPIRE
3. Think of the symbol on the token, and you're travelled to the level
4. You can take one person or thing with you
5. Apply once a day, or until symptoms cease
6. They're written in Aslanti

And with that, the party takes a much needed rest.
